Add instructions for using ros1_bridge with Jammy (#2594)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/How-To-Guides/Using-ros1_bridge-Jammy-upstream.rst

> Using ``ros1_bridge`` with Debian upstream ROS on Jammy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using ``ros1_bridge`` with upstream ROS on Ubuntu 22.04
```

=======================================================

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :depth: 1
   :local:

The release of ROS 2 Humble on Ubuntu 22.04 Jammy Jellyfish marks the first ROS 2 release on a platform with no official ROS 1 release.

> While, ROS 1 Noetic will continue to be supported through the duration of it's :doc:`long term support window <https://www.ros.org/reps/rep-0003.html#noetic-ninjemys-may-2020-may-2025>`, it will only target Ubuntu 20.04.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While ROS 1 Noetic will continue to be supported through the duration of its `long term support window <https://www.ros.org/reps/rep-0003.html#noetic-ninjemys-may-2020-may-2025>`__, it will only target Ubuntu 20.04.
```

> Alternatively, there are :doc:`upstream variants of ROS 1 packages <metapackages>` in Debian that are not maintained as an official distribution by the ROS maintainers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, there are :doc:`upstream variants of ROS 1 packages <metapackages>` in Debian and Ubuntu that are not maintained as an official distribution by the ROS maintainers.
```

Also, that `:doc:` in there isn't a link to anything.  Where is it meant to point?

> This guide outlines the current mechanism for bridging ROS 2 Humble with these upstream Debian packages on Jammy Jellyfish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide outlines the current mechanism for bridging ROS 2 Humble with these upstream packages on Ubuntu 22.04 Jammy Jellyfish.
```

This provides a migration path for users who still depend on ROS 1, but desire moving to Humble/Jammy.

ROS 2 via Debian packages
-------------------------

> Installing :doc:`ROS 2 from Debian packages <https://docs.ros.org/en/humble/Installation/Ubuntu-Install-Debians.html>` currently does not work for ROS 2 Humble on Ubuntu Jammy.

Reviewer: These should be relative links so things work when build locally.  Something like:

```suggestion
Installing :doc:`ROS 2 from Debian packages <../Installation/Ubuntu-Install-Debians>` currently does not work for ROS 2 Humble on Ubuntu Jammy.
```

The version of ``catkin-pkg-modules`` available in the Ubuntu repository conflicts with that in the ROS 2 package repository.

For now, to support ``ros1_bridge``, follow the instructions below for building ROS 2 from source.

ROS 2 from source
-----------------

> Installing :doc:`ROS 2 from Source <https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/Installation/Alternatives/Ubuntu-Development-Setup.html` is the only configuration that works for ROS 2 Humble on Ubuntu Jammy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing :doc:`ROS 2 from Source <../Installation/Alternatives/Ubuntu-Development-Setup` is the only configuration that works for ROS 2 Humble on Ubuntu Jammy.
```

Below is a summary of the necessary instructions from the source build instructions.

> The substantial deviation is that we skip using the ROS 2 apt repositories because of conflicting packages.

Reviewer: Do we have to completely skip the ROS 2 apt repositories, or is it enough that we just don't install any ROS packages from it?  It may not matter hugely, but it would be nice to get `colcon` from the apt repositories rather than pip.

Author: > Do we have to completely skip the ROS 2 apt repositories, or is it enough that we just don't install any ROS packages from it?

Even the presence of the ROS 2 apt repository is an issue: 
```
root@b3d5f6a9e81a:/# apt install ros-core-dev  
Reading package lists... Done
Building dependency tree... Done
Reading state information... Done
Some packages could not be installed. This may mean that you have
requested an impossible situation or if you are using the unstable
distribution that some required packages have not yet been created
or been moved out of Incoming.
The following information may help to resolve the situation:

The following packages have unmet dependencies:
 ros-core-dev : Depends: catkin but it is not installable
E: Unable to correct problems, you have held broken packages.
```

Reviewer: OK, that's fair.  Thanks for the info.  You can ignore this comment then.

Author: I'm going to add this output to the document for SEO.  If someone runs into this, hopefully they can at least mitigate.
